[#211][#207] initial demo setup with declarative approach and springboot approach + command dispatching/handling (#4755)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: examples/university-multi-tenancy-examples/university-multi-tenancy-core/README.md

|  +- write/enrol                 EnrolStudent and its command handler
|  +- read/statistics             the statistics query, its response, and its query handler
+- shared                         the driving utilities both runnable demos use
   +- DemoLifecycle               the tenant lifecycle the demos walk, top to bottom
   +- TenantComponents            the two TenantComponentProviders
   +- Enrolments                  sends the command and reads the query through the gateways
   +- TenantView                  renders one tenant's isolated view
   +- DemoTenantProvider          an in-memory TenantProvider (the declarative demo's default)
   +- TenantProvisioning          in-memory vs Axon Server tenant provisioning
   +- AxonServerTenantContexts    creates and deletes Axon Server contexts
   +- ProviderAmbiguityGuardrail  the configuration-time guardrail
   +- DemoOutcome                 what a run observed, asserted by the demos' tests
```

## The lifecycle

`DemoLifecycle.run` reads top to bottom as the story both demos tell, against an already-started
application:

> 1. Enrol students in the tenants known at startup, and read each tenant's statistics back to show it
>    sees only its own.
> 2. Add a tenant at runtime, enrol into it, and show its components appear on first use.
> 3. Send a command for an unknown tenant and confirm it is rejected.
> 4. Remove a tenant and confirm its per-tenant instances are closed.
> 5. Shut down and confirm every remaining tenant's instances are closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enrollstudents in the tenants known at startup, and read each tenant's statistics back to show it
   sees only its own.
2. Add a tenant at runtime, enroll into it, and show its components appear on first use.
3. Send a command for an unknown tenant and confirm it is rejected.
4. Remove a tenant and confirm its per-tenant instances are closed.
5. Shut down and confirm every remaining tenant's instances are closed.
```
